grammatical error fixed (#6195)
dmlc/xgboost: README.md

[Contributors](CONTRIBUTORS.md) |
[Release Notes](NEWS.md)

XGBoost is an optimized distributed gradient boosting library designed to be highly ***efficient***, ***flexible***, and ***portable***.
It implements machine learning algorithms under the [Gradient Boosting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gradient_boosting) framework.
XGBoost provides a parallel tree boosting (also known as GBDT, GBM) that solve many data science problems in a fast and accurate way.

> The same code runs on a major distributed environment (Kubernetes, Hadoop, SGE, MPI, Dask) and can solve problems beyond billions of examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same code runs on major distributed environments (Kubernetes, Hadoop, SGE, MPI, Dask) and can solve problems beyond billions of examples.
```
